A healthy outside starts from the inside.:Robert Urich
If you keep good food in your fridge, you will eat good food.:Errick McAdams
Those who have no time for healthy eating will sooner or later have to find the time for illness.:Edward Stanley
Good health is not something we can buy. However, it can be an extremely valuable savings account.:Anne Wilson Schaef
Our bodies are our gardens – our wills are our gardeners.:William Shakespeare
Self-care is not selfish. You cannot serve from an empty vessel.:Eleanor Brown
The key to a healthy life is having a healthy mind.:Richard Davidson
I have chosen to be happy because it is good for my health.:Voltaire
A sad soul can be just as lethal as a germ.:John Steinbeck
Keeping your body healthy is an expression of gratitude to the whole cosmos — the trees, the clouds, everything.:Thich Nhat Hanh
So many people spend their health gaining wealth, and then have to spend their wealth to regain their health.:A. J. Reb Materi
If you know the art of deep breathing, you have the strength, wisdom and courage of ten tigers.:Chinese adage
It’s not until you get tired that you see how strong you really are.:Shaun T
To keep the body in good health is a duty…otherwise we shall not be able to keep the mind strong and clear.:Buddha 
You can’t control what goes on outside, but you can control what goes on inside.:Unknown
The ability to be in the present moment is a major component of mental wellness.:Abraham Maslow
Take care of your body, it’s the only place you have to live.:Jim Rohn
You can’t stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.:Jon Kabat-Zinn
No matter how old you are, no matter how much you weigh, you can still control the health of your body.:Dr. Harvey Cushing
You can't exercise your way out of a bad diet.:Dr. Mark Hyman
Wellness is a connection of paths, knowledge and action.:Joshua Holtz
It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver.:Mahatma Gandhi
A calm mind brings inner strength and self-confidence, so that’s very important for good health.:Dalai Lama
It is not the bruises on the body that hurt. It is the wounds of the heart and the scars on the mind.:Aisha Mirza
He who has health has hope and he who has hope has everything.:Arabian Proverb
To get rich, never risk your health. For it is the truth that health is the wealth of wealth.:Richard Baker
Breathe. Let go. And remind yourself that this very moment is the only one you know you have for sure.:Oprah Winfrey
The groundwork for all happiness is good health.:Leigh Hunt
Your illness is not your identity. Your chemistry is not your character.:Pastor Rick Warren
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.:Benjamin Franklin
The reason I exercise is for the quality of life I enjoy.:Kenneth H. Cooper
If you want to feel good, you have to go out and do some good.:Oprah Winfrey
Let thy food be thy medicine and thy medicine be thy food.:Hippocrates
If you want a relaxed body, you can do it by relaxing your mind. If you want a relaxed mind, relax your body.:Jay Winner
It is exercise alone that supports the spirits, and keeps the mind in vigor.:Marcus Tullius Cicero
Keep your vitality. A life without health is like a river without water.:Maxime Lagacé
Remain calm, because peace equals power.:Joyce Meyer
What mental health needs are more sunlight, more candor, and more unashamed conversation.:Glenn Close
A man’s health can be judged by which he takes two at a time — pills or stairs.:Joan Welsh
Half the costs of illness are wasted on conditions that could be prevented.:Dr. Joseph Pizzorno
Make eating fruits and vegetables a priority. This is so simple and beneficial, yet most people don’t do it.:Nia Shanks
Some struggle is healthy. If you can embrace it rather than be angry, you can use it as your pilot light. :Damon Wayans
Happiness is the highest form of health.:Dalai Lama
If you don’t do what’s best for your body, you’re the one who comes up on the short end.:Julius Erving
